Docs: add integrations list (#20)
packagist/private-packagist-docs: features/integration-github-bitbucket-gitlab.md

Apart from synchronizing teams, users, and permissions, setting up the integration will simplify the addition of new packages to your Composer repository. When you create a **new repository** on GitHub, Bitbucket, or GitLab, it will be **added as a Composer package automatically** if it contains a _composer.json_ file. If you’d like to add existing repositories as packages, you can do so with the click of a button on the Packages tab in your organization.

**Update web hooks** notifying Packagist of new code pushes will be installed in the background, and **credentials to access the package** will be **configured automatically**.

## Integrations

Private Packagist integrates with the following systems:

#### GitHub
* OAuth: Users authenticate on Private Packagist with their GitHub accounts
* Synchronization:

>     * Keeps team members and access permissions in sync with your GitHub organisations

Author: seems better indeed

    * Synced repositories use the default repository permission on GitHub

> * Credentials: GitHub API Token for GitHub OAuth App or an access token for a GitHub App installation

Author: It's about how we access the code / the API. Maybe renaming this section to `Code Credentials` will make it clearer?

> * Credentials: GitHub API Token for GitHub OAuth App or an access token for a GitHub App installation

Reviewer: I wonder how useful the information is for a user that internally we get an access token to access the GH API when users install the GH App as this is not something the user has to provide or worry about?

> * Credentials: GitHub API Token for GitHub OAuth App or an access token for a GitHub App installation

Author: I don't know if users don't care about this? maybe the credentials section could be removed altogether?

> * Credentials: GitHub API Token for GitHub OAuth App or an access token for a GitHub App installation

Reviewer: I mean it surely helps to know what credentials they need to provide to be able to add packages to Private Packagist but what happens after they installed the GitHub App might be not that interesting.

* Webhooks: Code changes, releases, created repositories, team creation or member changes

#### GitHub Enterprise
* OAuth: Users authenticate on Private Packagist with their GitHub accounts. Please contact us to set this up for the cloud plan or follow [this setup](../docs/enterprise/github-integration-setup.md) for enterprise.
* Synchronization:
    * Keeps team members and access permissions in sync with your GitHub Enterprise organisations
* Credentials: GitHub API Token
* Webhooks: Code changes, releases, created repositories, team creation or member changes

#### Bitbucket.org / Cloud
* OAuth: Users authenticate on Private Packagist with their Bitbucket.org accounts
* Synchronization:
    * Keeps users permissions in sync with your Bitbucket groups
* Credentials: Bitbucket API Key or Bitbucket App Password

> * Webhooks: Code changes and releases. Group and user changes aren't supported in webhooks

Author: what else is supported?

> * Webhooks: Code changes and releases. Group and user changes aren't supported in webhooks

Reviewer: Only what you already mentioned. Just saying that we should not list what is not supported.

Apart from synchronizing teams, users, and permissions, setting up the integration will simplify the addition of new packages to your Composer repository. When you create a **new repository** on GitHub, Bitbucket, or GitLab, it will be **added as a Composer package automatically** if it contains a _composer.json_ file. If you’d like to add existing repositories as packages, you can do so with the click of a button on the Packages tab in your organization.

**Update web hooks** notifying Packagist of new code pushes will be installed in the background, and **credentials to access the package** will be **configured automatically**.

## Integrations

Private Packagist integrates with the following systems:

#### GitHub
* OAuth: Users authenticate on Private Packagist with their GitHub accounts
* Synchronization:

>     * Keeps teams, their members, and access permissions in sync with your GitHub organisation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Keeps teams, their members, and access permissions in sync with your GitHub organization
```

>     * The default repository permissions on Github is used to grant members access to your repositories

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * The default repository permissions on GitHub is used to grant members access to your repositories
```

* Code Credentials: GitHub App or GitHub API Token
* Webhooks: Code changes, releases, created repositories, team creation or member changes

#### GitHub Enterprise
* OAuth: Users authenticate on Private Packagist with their GitHub accounts. Please contact us to set this up for the cloud plan or follow [this setup](../docs/enterprise/github-integration-setup.md) for enterprise.
* Synchronization:

>     * Keeps team members and access permissions in sync with your GitHub Enterprise organisations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Keeps team members and access permissions in sync with your GitHub Enterprise organizations
```

>     * The default repository permissions on Github is used to grant members access to your repositories

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * The default repository permissions on GitHub is used to grant members access to your repositories
```

* Code Credentials: GitHub API Token
* Webhooks: Code changes, releases, created repositories, team creation or member changes

#### Bitbucket Cloud (bitbucket.org)
* OAuth: Users authenticate on Private Packagist with their Bitbucket accounts
* Synchronization:
    * Keeps groups, their members, and access permissions in sync with your Bitbucket team
* Code Credentials: Bitbucket API Key or Bitbucket App Password
* Webhooks: Code changes and releases

#### Bitbucket Server / Stash
* OAuth: Users authenticate on Private Packagist with their Bitbucket Server accounts. Please contact us to set this up for the cloud plan or follow [this setup](../docs/enterprise/bitbucket-server-integration-setup.md) for enterprise.
* Synchronization:
    * Keeps users and access permissions in sync with your Bitbucket Server projects
    * Individual collaborators aren't supported
* Code Credentials: personal access token which are available since Bitbucket Server 5.5 or username and password for older versions
* Webhooks: Code changes and releases

#### GitLab
* OAuth: Users authenticate on Private Packagist with their GitLab accounts
* Synchronization:

>     * Keeps teams, their members, and access permissions in sync with your Gitlab groups

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Keeps teams, their members, and access permissions in sync with your GitLab groups
```

    * Individual collaborators aren't supported
* Code Credentials: GitLab API token
* Webhooks: Code changes and releases

#### GitLab (Self-hosted)
* OAuth: Users authenticate on Private Packagist with their GitLab accounts. Please contact us to set this up for the cloud plan or follow [this setup](../docs/enterprise/gitlab-integration-setup.md) for enterprise.
* Synchronization:

>     * Keeps teams, their members, and access permissions in sync with your Gitlab groups

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Keeps teams, their members, and access permissions in sync with your GitLab groups
```

    * Individual collaborators aren't yet supported
* Code Credentials: GitLab API Token
* Webhooks: Code changes and releases

#### AWS CodeCommit
* Webhook:

>     * Users need to [create an AWS CodeCommit Trigger](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/codecommit/latest/userguide/how-to-notify-sns.html) using the generic hooks URL from the package page

Reviewer: sorry, missed this in the earlier suggestion.
```suggestion
    * Users need to [create an AWS CodeCommit Trigger](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/codecommit/latest/userguide/how-to-notify-sns.html) using the generic hook URL from the package page
```

>     * Users need to create a subscription using the generic hooks URL (from the package page) and send an [Amazon SNS message](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sns/latest/dg/sns-message-and-json-formats.html)

Reviewer: This is definitely clearer now. Instead of the SNS message I would maybe link to the Create an AWS CodeCommit Trigger docs.
```suggestion
    * Users need to [create an AWS CodeCommit Trigger](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/codecommit/latest/userguide/how-to-notify-sns.html) using the generic hooks URL from the package page
```

Apart from synchronizing teams, users, and permissions, setting up the integration will simplify the addition of new packages to your Composer repository. When you create a **new repository** on GitHub, Bitbucket, or GitLab, it will be **added as a Composer package automatically** if it contains a _composer.json_ file. If you’d like to add existing repositories as packages, you can do so with the click of a button on the Packages tab in your organization.

**Update web hooks** notifying Packagist of new code pushes will be installed in the background, and **credentials to access the package** will be **configured automatically**.

## Integrations

Private Packagist integrates with the following systems:

#### GitHub
* OAuth: Users authenticate on Private Packagist with their GitHub accounts
* Synchronization:
    * Keeps teams, their members, and access permissions in sync with your GitHub organisation
    * The default repository permissions on Github is used to grant members access to your repositories

> * Code Credentials: GitHub API Token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Code Credentials: GitHub App or GitHub API Token
```

* Webhooks: Code changes, releases, created repositories, team creation or member changes

#### GitHub Enterprise
* OAuth: Users authenticate on Private Packagist with their GitHub accounts. Please contact us to set this up for the cloud plan or follow [this setup](../docs/enterprise/github-integration-setup.md) for enterprise.
* Synchronization:

>     * Keeps team members and access permissions in sync with your GitHub Enterprise organisations

Reviewer: The default repository permissions also applies to GH Enterprise

* Code Credentials: GitHub API Token
* Webhooks: Code changes, releases, created repositories, team creation or member changes

> #### Bitbucket.org / Cloud

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Bitbucket (bitbucket.org)
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Bitbucket Cloud (bitbucket.org)
```

> * OAuth: Users authenticate on Private Packagist with their Bitbucket.org accounts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* OAuth: Users authenticate on Private Packagist with their Bitbucket accounts
```

* Synchronization:
    * Keeps users permissions in sync with your Bitbucket groups

>     * Group and user changes aren't kept in sync

Author: I thought this is what you meant by "No webhooks for team/user changes for BB" .

>     * Group and user changes aren't kept in sync

Reviewer: No webhooks means we do not get instantly notified about changes. Every full synchronization run still synchronize everything.

* Webhooks: Code changes and releases

#### Bitbucket Server / Stash

> * OAuth: Users authenticate on Private Packagist with their Bitbucket accounts. Please contact us to set this up for the cloud plan or follow [this setup](../docs/enterprise/bitbucket-server-integration-setup.md) for enterprise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* OAuth: Users authenticate on Private Packagist with their Bitbucket Server accounts. Please contact us to set this up for the cloud plan or follow [this setup](../docs/enterprise/bitbucket-server-integration-setup.md) for enterprise.
```

* Synchronization:

>     * Keeps users and access permissions in sync with your Bitbucket projects

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Keeps users and access permissions in sync with your Bitbucket Server projects
```

    * Individual collaborators aren't supported
* Code Credentials: personal access token which are available since Bitbucket Server 5.5 or username and password for older versions
* Webhooks: Code changes and releases

#### GitLab
* OAuth: Users authenticate on Private Packagist with their GitLab accounts
* Synchronization:

>     * Keeps access permissions in sync with your Gitlab groups

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Keeps teams, their members, and access permissions in sync with your Gitlab groups
```

* Synchronization:
    * Keeps access permissions in sync with your Gitlab groups
    * Individual collaborators aren't kept in sync
    * New projects or team changes aren't kept in sync
* Credentials: GitLab API token

> * Webhooks: Code changes

Reviewer: We also get notified about releases. Actually pretty sure we get notified for changes + releases on every platform

#### GitLab (Self-hosted)
* OAuth: Users authenticate on Private Packagist with their Bitbucket accounts. Please contact us to set this up for the cloud plan or follow [this setup](../docs/enterprise/gitlab-integration-setup.md) for enterprise.
* Synchronization:
    * Keeps access permissions in sync with your Gitlab groups

>     * Individual collaborators aren't kept in sync

Reviewer: `Individual collaborators` are not yet supported. Not kept in sync implies that they are added

>     * Keeps access permissions in sync with your Gitlab groups

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Keeps teams, their members, and access permissions in sync with your Gitlab groups
```

#### AWS CodeCommit 
* Synchronization:

>     * Possible after manually setting up webhooks

Reviewer: A synchronization in Private Packagist refers to an entire organization this is not possible with AWS CodeCommit.

    * Users need to create a subscription using the generic hooks URL (from the package page) and send an [AWS SNS subscription confirmation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sns/latest/dg/sns-message-and-json-formats.html)

> * Code Credentials: Amazon SNS message

Reviewer: The `Amazon SNS message` cannot be used to access code. It is used to notify us about code changes

Author: Updated this section, let me know if it's still unclear.

> * Webhook: Code changes

Reviewer: Should check if this also supports releases as they are specifically mentioned for all other integrations

Author: I think it should be available if the user selects All repository events type. updated
